the karlsruher sc
wildlife Park
powered by bathing
dv
we controlled the game and
nevertheless again slight errors in the
we had good possession
many things have defended correctly
but then have the again and again
opponents also invited
fast and easy forward
play and score a goal
From this we will draw our lessons
we saw that was too
Not where we are at the end of the season
there was still a bit missing
But I'm optimistic that we will
can show here tomorrow and we will
of course, all these are also doing this
series that we have started now
continue to expand and here victorious
to be against Bielefeld
Kevin has done well
be involved in tenants and thus
then involved in the goal but
not alone was there before and
after that I also involved guys with me
think that is also normal that then
still voting problems or sometimes
but slight errors happen
Overall, has made a good game
He showed that the reason why
have also justified
was
his body was over his pace
he does not attach well to the front
then even played a goal
shot
so we assume I go
assuming that tomorrow he too
use comes
fabian klos with 14 goals clear
Top scorer of the league still have
sometimes refilled in sebastian glasner
again brought a scorer
yes, he also proved that in the away game
in the end a chance was enough
um and concern first ripped off
striker is very variable in the conclusion
Can with his feet but also in the
head meet
yes, but nevertheless we make ourselves
forward in the pants we have against
otherwise the best defense and are in the
yes, also able to turn off every opponent
we are not alone on the
pokalspiele was also thinking of it
I had boys who have the class
and yes can stand it as
Team and Bielefeld is easy
so the ju's do it little
is therefore possibilities gates made the
what they particularly distinguished
otherwise you have noticed how much like
little difference between the
crews relatively tight but each
Team has your quality and that is
the quality of Bielefeld that you
just have patience know you have
also someone ahead of the choice of little
Opportunities meets and that is already one
special strength of karlsruher sc ii
presents wildpark tv powered by baden
tv